Hello friends, my name is Sushil and you are
watching my channel Technical Knowledge by
Sushil. Today's blog is about how we
can renew our insurance policy. Of course, if you have
insurance from ICICI Lombard and
your
insurance is registered,
its insurance is going to expire in a
few days and I
want to renew it, then for that you have to go to
ICICI Bike Insurance Renewal,
after this you have to press enter, after this the
first option you will get is Renew
Bike Insurance, you have to click on this web link,
after this you will get
two options, that is,
your bike number or policy
number, you can search by any one of these two numbers,
if you have entered the bike number in the registration number,
then after this you have to proceed,
after this you have to fill in the engine number, the engine number is
also in your policy number and the
RC of the bike which you have, it is also
written on it, so you can see from there,
then after this you have to click on Renew My Policy,
so friend, here you can see what
your premium is showing.  At the
time of renewal, it is 1047 by default.
Whatever features you might have added in it,
you will get to see that you have road
side assistance,
that if your bike breaks down
within a radius of 50 km,
if your bike has to be dropped at your home or at
a workshop, then they help you completely.
Then the second feature I had
added is zero depreciation.
What happens under zero depreciation is that
suppose if your bike has met with an accident and
any part is damaged,
suppose any one part that needs to be
replaced has a depreciation of ₹5000000.
If you have taken the cover, then the
entire company gives you a claim amount of
₹5000000
but charges only fitting charges from you.
Like, the last time
I had got my insurance done, a
small part of my bike had broken due to some reason, so
I made a claim from the company,
I made a claim from ICC Lombard company.  In that
I had to pay some
amount, suppose I had
paid the fitting charges but
suppose it was of ₹, they
took around ₹00 from me, they said
that you do not have zero depreciation cover in it
because when you were taking your insurance,
you had not opted for it, so
if you do not opt, then you will
not get this cover, in this case you will have to pay
some amount for that part, the
insurance company is also
giving something in it, ₹1500000,
I had to pay
around ₹1500, they made the payment from the
insurance company, if you have zero
depreciation
cover, then you do
not have to pay anything from the claim given by the company for the entire part,
you will have to pay only the amount for the part which has to be fitted at the workshop, nothing else,
I have taken personal product
cover here, in this you can see there is 10
years personal product coverage which is of ₹1
lakh which an owner gets  If
he dies or suffers some accidental
injury, then you have insurance coverage of ₹ lakh here.
So friend, according to me,
you should definitely take these two-three features.
If you
remove all these features just to
avoid RTO, then you will get only a small
amount, which is the insurance you take just to avoid RTO.
Now
what is the matter here is that I already have third party
insurance because when we
purchase a bike, the insurance is for 5
years, so you do
not need to worry about it. The first insurance
policy that you get with the bike has
your third party insurance for 5 years, so
you have to take care of it. We
take this for this reason so that if
any of our vehicles gets lost or stolen, then in
case of theft, we do
not get this claim under third party. If
ever our bike meets with an accident, then
how can we get the insurance coverage that we need from the insurance company?
We have to renew it every year in this way, which  That is
our benefit only, you are getting
prevent 1047, you can see this,
now here you have ID also,
you can increase it, which will
show your limit, here my
maximum limit is
showing 8388, so I have made it maximum
and if you want to see
your premium breakups, for which all your money is being
deducted, then you
can see it, you will go to premium breakup,
here you can see the basic
premium which is going to be 317, road
side assistant is going to be 99 i.e. ₹2000000,
zero depreciation ₹1, according to me
you should always take it because I have travelled,
I had to pay
₹2000000, the company had given 00,
if I had taken it there then it would have
helped me a lot, that was my
part of 000, if it was a part of a bigger amount then
I would also have had to pay some money from it, so
according to me it should always be taken  You should
take zero depreciation cover and its
total amount is 887, then after this, the
personal product which is your coverage of ₹ lakh
for 2 years, you are
getting insurance here for 384 which you
should always take because there is
no guarantee of when someone might get hurt, then
you will get help from here, your total
premium added to this is 127 1271,
now the tax levied in this is ₹ 10,
your total amount is 14431, after this
you can see that your customer
details are visible to you by default,
you have to always fill the details of friend nominee,
if the nominee is updated then it is
fine, otherwise you will have to update it,
in my case I have updated my nominee,
now here you can see
that your KYC verification is successfully done,
I had done KYC verification last time,
if yours is pending then you will have to do it for
that  You have to click on the re-verify button,
after this you can do KYC from here
with your PAN card and Aadhar card number,
if you
want to do it through PAN card then after filling the PAN number
you have to fill the date of birth,
after this click on the verify button,
then an auto page will come on your registered mobile number,
you have to fill it and then
after clicking on the verify button you will get an OK button, if you click on the OK button then
your verification will be done, it
is a very simple process friend, after this you have to
click on recalculate premium, you
can see here that
you can see all your additional covers,
your IDV is 8388,
then after this
click on proceed to pay, here you can see that the
total premium is showing 1431, then here
you will get the payment method, in which
way you want to make the payment,
you will choose that option, if you want to pay using card then
click on credit card, then enter the
complete details of the credit card  You will have to fill it,
then after this you have to
click on Pay Now, after this you
get an acknowledgment of payment received here,
here you also get to see
what is your email ID and it
is clearly written here that you will receive your
policy on registered email ID with in
next 24 hours, that is, within the next 24 hours
you will get the policy,
you will get the PDF and if you
want to download the policy, then there is also an option to download it here,
friend, if you want to cross verify the details, then you
can see here
what is the name of the owner,
what was the registration number of the bike, how much ID have you
got, now you can see that the
policy assisting policy that I have is
expiring on 21st October 2024, but
today I am doing the policy on 5th October,
so my policy does not start today, my
policy will start
from the day of its expiry, it will start from the next day,
like my current
assisting policy is expiring on 21st October,
if I have renewed it then
My policy will
start only after the expiry of that date, so my advantage is that even
if I do it a month earlier,
I will not suffer any loss because my
policy will start from the end date,
then
you will get to see how much premium I have paid, to
download the policy, you have the
option of policy download here,
you will click here friend, here you
can see that the period
of insurance on damage that I have right now is from October 22,
2024 to October 21, 2025, that is,
my policy will start from October 22, 2024 and will be
valid till October 21, 2025,
you can see the details of my bike here
and you can see my last one, it was from
2023 to 24, the last one from 2022 to
27, this is of our third party, you
can see, the first one is the
third party policy number, then
after this you can see its insurance period,
from 2022 to 27
What happens in third party insurance is that if you have an accident
with a vehicle in front of you and
whatever damage is caused to it, you do not have to pay it from your pocket, the
insurance company will pay for it.
Third party insurance is always for others.
If you want to get it done for yourself, then for that
you have to get first party
insurance because
we ourselves are the first party, the second party is the
company, the third party is the one whom we injure
and that is the third party. So
friends, you can see here that in one of my
policies, for example, I purchased a bike in 2022,
I have insured all three of my policies here from this company,
so you get to see all the details. So
friends, we saw how
we can renew the insurance of our bike, the
A to Z process, how we
can search for the bike, how we
can add our features and then how we
can make the payment. So, thank you friend for
watching my channel, thank you.